resident evil 5 chapter for dash one
part to start off this start off this
video with a quick time event I don't
like these things at all I think they're
pretty stupid maybe you wouldn't like
mad world cuz that has quite a few well
when you do in mad world you're waggling
the wii remote and raghu no around like
a little child million dance it around
and expressing your trust having and
chopping oh well that's that's different
yeah I think like you know holding the
wiimote and the nunchuck in your hand
and like running yeah that's different
than pressing a tour run yeah you know
it's a more visceral experience right
sure whatever oh so it is this chapter
where you get the grenade launcher oh
and you might have noticed that I had a
sex change in this video and that's
because like I mentioned the previous
video we started having some serious
hosting problems and we just could not
stay connected and like for the first
like it every video up to this video My
partner Malone was hosting the game and
then when we started having connection
problems we just mixed it up tried every
possible like solution that we could to
get the game to work yeah to stay
connected Oh at the end of this hall to
the left it'll be a little briefcase
with the grenade launcher in it and I
didn't pick it up on this video I have
it on my back already because when we
were having all these connection
problems i would get halfway through
this second partner that that's the
grenade launcher out there i just looked
at it when we're having these connection
problems i would get halfway through it
get a checkpoint and save and then
we would get disconnected and like
there's pseudo checkpoints in this game
like there's the real checkpoints where
the game saves and there's the
checkpoints where it saves but you can't
reload from it's fucking confusing and
it took me a while to figure out that
what was even going on but like at the
beginning of this video was a real
checkpoint I guess you can call it and
there are like sub checkpoints in this
level where if you die you go back to
them but if you quit you go back even
further if that makes sense yeah and we
just kept getting disconnected and
disconnected over and over again and
that's why I have the grenade launcher
when I shouldn't have had it yet that
was a like two minute description of how
you have the grenade launcher well the
system fucking worked it wouldn't be a
problem no you might have noticed that
at the beginning of this I dropped a
couple minds right where I know those
guys were going to spawn but I don't
know they spawned past them or what one
of the earlier guys already killed them
or something one thing we had not
utilized very much up to this point the
game were the minds and the mines are
extremely helpful like proximity mines
but unlike Goldeneye you don't throw
them you just plop them down on the
ground and they tear shit apart and
they're dirt cheap too and tear that ass
apart yeah get in that aft Larry tear
that ass a pot yeah and there they like
they can kill three or four guys at once
if they're grouped together well and
yeah and they're dirt cheap like i said
before on the store and if you're
collecting a lot of the gems and if
you're not spending all well if you're
playing through the first time you can't
spend all the money you have if you're
spending it wisely great like I'm only
upgrading to guns and because this is my
air quotes first time through the game
mm-hmm they kind of stunt how much you
can upgrade your guns yeah so I can't
like spend all my cash on upgrading the
sniper rifle on the first level I
finally upgraded it on chapter 63 so I
so I had to spend money on something and
I spent it on the minds and grenade
launcher hands alright which worked out
well so uh do you know how old Malone is
19 I believe 19 hmm cool mm-hm so he's
not a little kid no I I would not know
yeah I know you would what you'd play
with little kids fuck you no I uh yeah
if his voice was annoying like most
little kids on xbox live yeah I would
block him from the friends list forever
in a heartbeat in a heartbeat but he's
pretty cool to play with yeah do you
guys probably better than me yeah do you
shoot the shit yeah we I talked about
arrested development uh-huh and sit down
shut up sit down shut up yeah the fuck
is that the new cartoon by the creator
of
uh rested development Ron Howard Michael
Hurwitz oh not all narrator creator or
Ron Howard was a director as well oh um
no sit down shut up I've never heard of
that what what channel is that on don't
know it's on hulu though really yeah I
think it's on fox actually really yeah
because i saw on is it good I haven't
watched it oh good story I just thought
that it is on hulu today and I'm
planning on watching it and ABC or deny
bc Disney which owns ABC and ESPN signed
to deal with hulu yeah I rather where
they bought i think twenty percent share
in the company which is insane then we
think about the amount of content that
could potentially be on there so when
this big ass scorpion drops down just
run past them I credit that strategy to
Malone I had no idea that you could just
run past him and run away and there's
even like cutscenes that imply that you
should just run away now every time up
to this time right here I stayed and
killed him which isn't that hard if
you're using the grenade launcher and
explosive rounds but you know they even
have it separate quick time event when
you run away and he gets crushed just
kind of cool you know I had no idea that
that was impossible until like right now
in terms of recording yeah at meow meow
meow meow meow you want to make love
right meow meow meow
you